# Mini Projects

This is a repository meant to hold any small projects I decide to create.

## CSV to Anki

This program takes in CSV files and converts them into a deck of Anki flashcards. It reads through all files in the 'csvFiles' folder and outputs the anki deck into ankiFile.txt.<br><br>

Input requires a header row followed by rows of data:<br>
RowName,Field1,Field2...<br><br>

Cards generated by the program will be in the following format:<br>
RowName: Field1 -> Answer1<br>
RowName: Field2 -> Answer2<br>
...<br><br>

For example:<br>
Name,Birthdate,School<br>
Jacob,11/29,SDSU<br>
John,11/08,UMN<br>
Becomes:<br>
Jacob: Birthdate -> 11/29<br>
Jacob: School -> SDSU<br>
John: Birthdate -> 11/08<br>
John: School -> UMN<br>

## Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange

This program simulates a Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange between two terminal sessions. Written referencing [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDyRrlCLhp0) video by Practical Networking.<br>

In order to run, open two terminals in the same location. Compile the program and run the executable in each terminal window providing the name of each host as follows:<br>
Terminal 1<br>
`$ ./a.out host1 host2`<br>
Terminal 2<br>
`$ ./a.out host2 host1`<br>


## Rubik's Cube Solver

This program solves the Rubik's cube. It accomplishes the task utilizing Thistlethwaite's algorithm.


## Spell Check

This program uses the Wagner-Fischer algorithm to determine the edit distance of a given word compared to a dictionary of 10,000 common English words. Inspired by [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-Eq6x1yssU) video by b001.
